* This website mainly focuses the how the home page (index.php) works and how it leads to subpages 

 
* In this assignment we adapted bootstraps pages to create six types of templets


- index.php
	
the home page of the website
changed the title and nav bar from index.html (bootstrap) and other changes as per instructions

- about.php

a page that details how the site began and its founders
updated the title and nav bar then removed the blue button and other information which were not required. 

- artists.php

a page that displays all the artists who contribute to the site 
adapted from about.html and removed everything expect the team and updated the name as our artists.

A2-
we changed the artists page by linking it to the aboutartists.php 

- collections_T.php

a page which displays the collections of art by theme
updated the index.html file by removing everything expect the blog cards. Updated the blog cards and included 3 more cards to the page. 

linked the collection page with the themes.csv file and displayed the themes 

- signin.php

a page which allows the user to sign in or sign up 
updated it from contact.html
removed all the tabs except top two form inputs and changed it to username and password

- aboutArtists.php

this page is linked with the artists.php and displays the artists information


A2 changes from A1-
created aboutArtists.php, themes.php pages, updated all the php files, modified post.php. 



Changes from A2 to A3-


Instead of using csv files we created a database called artbyyou which has 4 tables.
artists
about
artwork
themes

index.php - 

updated the index.php page (Home page), used a given image from the ppt files and posted it in the home page.
Connected it to the database using object-oriented

artists.php - 

updated the old csv files and connected the artists page to the database and displayed all the artists.
Linked this page to the aboutArtists.php page

aboutArtists.php - 

connected to the new database from csv files and displayed everything using 2 php scripts 

collections_T.php - 

connected to the new database and linked the page to the themes.php page

themes.php - 

connected the themes.php page to the themes table in artbyyou database

post.php -

created a post page so that artists can post their images but unable to display the page as required.



Changes from A3 to A4

signin.php -

Added sessions to start of the php files. Connected the page with the database and checked if the username and password matches the database. 
Made a create account button so the user can create a new account and post their artwork.

createAccount.php -

Made the createAccount page which is connected to the signin page and gives the user the option to create new account.

post.php - 

Used session and updated the post page so that the database gets updated.

Nav Bar -

updated the dropdown for sign in page for the nav bar so that the user can sign out and signin.


Changed from A4 to A5

createAccount.php -
made sure that account are created properly. It uses regular expressions to create a secure password.
It saves hashed password to the signin table in the db using password_hash method.

Signin.php -
updated the password checker  with the password_verify method.

Post.php - 
check if the theme exists and adds new post to the themes. if the themes doesn't exist it creates a new folder for theme
and saves up all the information in that folder than displays.

Citation - 

1. Lorem Ipsum. (n.d.). Retrieved Feburary 26, 2023,
   from http://www.lipsum.com. 
2. Start Bootstrap. (n.d.). Modern Business. Retrieved Feburary 26, 2023,
   from https://startbootstrap.com/previews/modern-business.
3. Microsoft. (n.d.). Photos [Computer software]. Retrieved March 15, 2023, from https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/microsoft-photos/9wzdncrfjbh4